[Fundamentals] Migrate 'Manage domains' from KB (#5249)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/get-started/basic-tasks/manage-domains/move-domain.md

---
pcx-content-type: reference
title: Move a domain between Cloudflare accounts
weight: 2
---

# Move a domain between Cloudflare accounts

You will have to move or transfer domains from one Cloudflare account to another if you:

> * manage a multi-user organization and need to segment domain access by user,
> 
> * receive a `Cloudflare is already hosting under a different account` error, or
> 
> * lose access to your Email address or Cloudflare account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage a multi-user organization and need to segment domain access by user.

* Receive a `Cloudflare is already hosting under a different account` error.

* Lose access to your email address or Cloudflare account.
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

If you have two-factor authentication (2FA) enabled and access to backup codes, you can use those codes to access your Cloudflare account.

{{</Aside>}}

## Requirements

To transfer a domain from one Cloudflare account to another, you will need:

> * Access to your domain registrar
> 
> * At least one Cloudflare account associated with the domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access to your domain registrar.

* At least one Cloudflare account associated with the domain.
```

## Transfer your domain

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

Before transferring an active Cloudflare domain to another Cloudflare account, you must remove any [DNSSEC configurations](/dns/additional-options/dnssec/) and [add-ons or subscriptions](/fundamentals/account-and-billing/account-maintenance/cancel-subscription/).

{{</Aside>}}

> If you still have access to your previous Cloudflare account, you can copy over the Cloudflare account settings manually. You must reissue [SSL/TLS certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates) and [recreate and validate DNS records](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records) when transferring domains between Cloudflare accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still have access to your previous Cloudflare account, you can copy over the Cloudflare account settings manually. You must reissue [SSL/TLS certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/) and [recreate and validate DNS records](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) when transferring domains between Cloudflare accounts.
```

> If you lose access to the Email address associated with your Cloudflare account and do not have backup codes, you will need to manually transfer your domain to a new Cloudflare account associated with a different Email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you lose access to the email address associated with your Cloudflare account and do not have backup codes, you will need to manually transfer your domain to a new Cloudflare account associated with a different email address.
```

> The domain transfer process depends on your DNS settings. If Cloudflare is your authoritative DNS provider (i.e., your domain nameservers point to Cloudflare), you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain transfer process depends on your DNS settings. If Cloudflare is your authoritative DNS provider (that is, your domain nameservers point to Cloudflare), you must:
```

1. [Create a new Cloudflare account](/fundamentals/account-and-billing/account-setup/create-account/) or log in to an existing Cloudflare account.

2. [Add the domain](/fundamentals/get-started/setup/add-site/) to the account (as if you were adding it for the first time).

3. Log in to your domain registrar account and update the nameservers to the provided Cloudflare nameservers.

> 4. To finalize the nameserver update, select your domain in the dashboard and select **Overview** > **Re-check now**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Finalize the nameserver update, by selecting your domain in the dashboard > **Overview** > **Re-check now**.
```

Once the Cloudflare network recognizes the nameserver change, the domain in the new account will be marked as **Active**. In the old account, the domain will be marked as **Moved Away**. After seven days in **Moved Away** status, the domain will be marked as **Deleted**. After seven days in the **Deleted** status, the domain will be permanently removed. For more information, refer to [Domain statuses](/dns/zone-setups/reference/domain-status/).

## Issue new certificates

> SSL/TLS certificates associated with your previous Cloudflare account will not transfer. If your site requires an SSL/TLS certificate prior to domain transfer, refer to [Minimize downtime](/ssl/edge-certificates/universal-ssl/enable-universal-ssl/#minimize-downtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSL/TLS certificates associated with your previous Cloudflare account will not be transfered to your new account. If your site requires an SSL/TLS certificate prior to domain transfer, refer to [Minimize downtime](/ssl/edge-certificates/universal-ssl/enable-universal-ssl/#minimize-downtime).
```

You can order an [advanced certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) prior to transferring your domain. Once issued, the certificate will enter **Holding Deployment** status until the domain is active. ACM certificates will automatically deploy to active domains. For more information, refer to [Custom certificates](/ssl/ssl-tls/certificate-statuses/#custom-certificates).

## Related resources

> * [Securing user access with two-factor authentication](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200167906-Securing-user-access-with-two-factor-authentication-2FA-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Securing user access with two-factor authentication](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc//articles/200167906)
```
